Add AWS Security Hub documentation (#7111)
wazuh/wazuh-documentation: source/cloud-security/amazon/services/supported-services/security-hub.rst

Each type of event contains a `specific format <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/securityhub/latest/userguide/securityhub-cwe-event-formats.html>`_ from which the Wazuh integration takes every relevant **detail** field and value along with the **detail-type** value.

- *Security Hub Findings - Imported*

   - ``findings``: list which contains, in JSON format, the finding that is sent by the event. Each event sends a single finding.

- *Security Hub Findings - Custom Action*

   - ``actionName``: Name of the action.
   - ``actionDescription``: Description of the action.
   - ``findings``: list which contains, in JSON format, the finding that is sent by the event. Each event sends a single finding.

- *Security Hub Insight Results*
   
   - ``actionName``: Name of the action.
   - ``actionDescription``: Description of the action.
   - ``insightArn``: ARN of the insight.
   - ``insightName``: Name of the insight.
   - ``resultType``: Resource Id.
   - ``number of results``: Number of results, maximum of 100.

>    - ``insightResults``: list of the results from the insight.

Author: I agree, the types are also mentioned at the beginning of the section so I am removing this part.

More information on how to configure each type in the `AWS Security Hub related section <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/securityhub/latest/userguide/securityhub-cwe-integration-types.html>`_.

Amazon Simple Queue Service and Amazon S3 bucket event notifications
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> The SQS and S3 configurations required are the same as the ones for the :ref:`Custom Logs Buckets integration <amazon_custom_logs_configuration>`.

Reviewer: The other services' documentation repeats the configuration steps over an over again, so I wouldn't mind if you include this part instead of referencing the other service.

I think we should find a solution to centralize all services configuration to avoid repetition, but that is not the scope of this issue.

   .. code-block:: xml
      :emphasize-lines: 6,7

      <wodle name="aws-s3">
          <disabled>no</disabled>
          <interval>1h</interval>
          <run_on_start>yes</run_on_start>
          <subscriber type="security_hub">
              <sqs_name>sqs-queue</sqs_name>
              <aws_profile>default</aws_profile>
          </subscriber>
      </wodle>

   Check the :doc:`AWS S3 module </user-manual/reference/ossec-conf/wodle-s3>` reference manual to learn more about the available settings.

   .. note::
      
      The amount of notifications present in the queue affects the execution time of the AWS S3 module. If the ``<interval>`` value for the waiting time between executions is too short, the :ref:`Interval overtaken <interval_overtaken_message>` warning is logged into the ``ossec.log`` file.

#. Restart the Wazuh manager to apply the changes.

   .. include:: /_templates/common/restart_manager.rst

Configuration parameters
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Configure the following fields to set the queue and authentication configuration. For more information, check the :ref:`subscribers` reference.

Queue
~~~~~

-  ``<sqs_name>``: The name of the queue.

> -  Optional – ``<service_endpoint>``: The AWS S3 endpoint URL for data downloading from the bucket. Check :ref:`using_non-default_aws_endpoints` for more information about VPC and FIPS endpoints.

Reviewer: Just noticed that you've done it this way because of Custom Logs Buckets, so if you think it's better to be consistent there's no need to change them

> -  Optional – ``<service_endpoint>``: The AWS S3 endpoint URL for data downloading from the bucket. Check :ref:`using_non-default_aws_endpoints` for more information about VPC and FIPS endpoints.

Author: Changing them in both services since the Security Lake configuration follows the suggested format.

Authentication
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The available authentication methods are the following:

-  :ref:`IAM Roles <iam_roles>`
-  :ref:`Profiles <aws_profile>`

These authentication methods require using the ``/root/.aws/credentials`` file to provide credentials. You can find more information in :ref:`Configuring AWS credentials <amazon_credentials>`.

The available authentication configuration parameters are the following:

-  ``<aws_profile>``: A valid profile name from a Shared Credential File or AWS Config File with the permission to read logs from the bucket.
-  ``<iam_role_arn>``: ARN for the corresponding IAM role to assume.
-  Optional – ``<iam_role_duration>``: The session duration in seconds.

> -  Optional – ``<sts_endpoint>``: The URL of the VPC endpoint of the AWS Security Token Service.

Reviewer: Just noticed that you've done it this way because of Custom Logs Buckets, so if you think it's better to be consistent there's no need to change them

> -  Optional – ``<sts_endpoint>``: The URL of the VPC endpoint of the AWS Security Token Service.

Author: Changing it in both services since the Security Lake configuration follows the suggested format.

.. Copyright (C) 2015, Wazuh, Inc.

.. meta::
  :description: Learn how to configure Amazon Security Hub findings and insights fetching.

.. _amazon_security_hub:

AWS Security Hub
================

.. versionadded:: 4.9.0

> `AWS Security Hub <https://aws.amazon.com/security-hub/>`_ is a cloud security posture management (CSPM) service that automates security best practice checks, aggregates security alerts into a determined format, and understands the overall security posture across all of the user's AWS accounts.

Author: The idea was to say that it would help the user understand the overall security posture. Reading it again it may seem misleading. Rephrased.

Security Hub runs checks against security controls and generates control `findings <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/securityhub/latest/userguide/securityhub-findings.html>`_ to help the user assess their compliance against security best practices. Related findings are also grouped in collections called `insights <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/securityhub/latest/userguide/securityhub-insights.html>`_.

> To get the most out of the Security Hub service, Wazuh combines its capabilities with `Amazon SQS <https://aws.amazon.com/sqs>`_ and `EventBridge <https://aws.amazon.com/eventbridge>`_ to process and centralize potential alerts from findings and insights in a single place.

Reviewer 2: We could add a brief summary of what is required to do before going into the details. For example it seems necessary to configure AWS by enabling Security Hub, enabling SQS, enabling notifications and S3, enabling Wazuh.

AWS configuration
-----------------

Enabling Security Hub
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

   .. note::
      As a prerequisite, it is advised to `configure AWS Config <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/securityhub/latest/userguide/securityhub-setup-prereqs.html#securityhub-prereq-config>`_ since AWS Security Hub uses service-linked rules from it to perform security checks for most controls.

The documentation establishes two ways to enable AWS Security Hub:

>    - `By integrating with AWS Organizations <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/securityhub/latest/userguide/securityhub-settingup.html#securityhub-orgs-setup-overview>`_: strongly recommend for multi-account and multi-region environments.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
-  `AWS Organizations integration <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/securityhub/latest/userguide/securityhub-settingup.html#securityhub-orgs-setup-overview>`_: Recommended for multi-account and multi-region environments.
```

>    - `Manually <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/securityhub/latest/userguide/securityhub-settingup.html#securityhub-manual-setup-overview>`_: for standalone accounts, or if the integration with AWS Organizations is unnecessary.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
-  `Manually <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/securityhub/latest/userguide/securityhub-settingup.html#securityhub-manual-setup-overview>`__: Recommended for standalone accounts, or if the integration with AWS Organizations is unnecessary.
```

>     .. thumbnail:: /images/aws/security-hub-set-up.png

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   .. thumbnail:: /images/aws/security-hub-set-up.png
```

      :align: center
      :width: 70%

> The AWS managed policy called `AWSSecurityHubFullAccess <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/securityhub/latest/userguide/security-iam-awsmanpol.html#security-iam-awsmanpol-awssecurityhubfullaccess>`_ must be attached to the IAM identity to access the Security Hub console and API operations. The policy called `AWSSecurityHubOrganizationsAccess <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/securityhub/latest/userguide/security-iam-awsmanpol.html#security-iam-awsmanpol-awssecurityhuborganizationsaccess>`_ should also be attached to enable and manage the Security Hub through the Organizations integration.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You must attach the AWS managed policy called `AWSSecurityHubFullAccess <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/securityhub/latest/userguide/security-iam-awsmanpol.html#security-iam-awsmanpol-awssecurityhubfullaccess>`__ to the IAM identity to access the Security Hub console and API operations. You should also attach the policy called `AWSSecurityHubOrganizationsAccess <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/securityhub/latest/userguide/security-iam-awsmanpol.html#security-iam-awsmanpol-awssecurityhuborganizationsaccess>`__ to enable and manage the Security Hub through the Organizations integration.
```

    .. thumbnail:: /images/aws/security-hub-policies.png
      :align: center
      :width: 70%

> When integrating Security Hub and Organizations, there is the option to use a feature called `central configuration <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/securityhub/latest/userguide/central-configuration-intro.html>`_ to set up and manage Security Hub for the organization. It is strongly recommended to use central configuration because it lets the administrator customize security coverage for the organization.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We recommend using `central configuration <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/securityhub/latest/userguide/central-configuration-intro.html>`__ to set up and manage Security Hub for the organization. Central configuration lets the administrator customize security coverage for the organization.
```

Types of Security Hub integration with EventBridge
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Security Hub events and insights can be stored in S3 buckets by integrating Security Hub with EventBridge as it is carried out, for example, for the :ref:`Amazon WAF integration <amazon_waf>`. 
The three available types of events are:

- *Security Hub Findings - Imported*: This event type is automatically sent by Security Hub to EventBridge. It includes all new findings and updates to existing findings. Each event contains a single finding.
- *Security Hub Findings - Custom Action*: This event type is sent by Security Hub to EventBridge when custom actions are triggered. The events are associated with the findings of the custom actions.

> - *Security Hub Insight Results*: This event type is used to process the Security Hub Insights. Custom actions can be used to send sets of insight results to EventBridge. Insight results are the resources that match an insight.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
-  **Security Hub Insight Results**: This type of event is used to process the Security Hub Insights. You can use custom actions to send sets of insight results to EventBridge. Insight results are the resources that match an insight.
```

>    .. note::

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.. note::

```

>       To send the last two types of events to EventBridge, you need to create a custom action in Security Hub. Please refer to the Security Hub `documentation <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/securityhub/latest/userguide/securityhub-cwe-custom-actions.html>`_ to achieve this.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   To send the last two types of events to EventBridge, you need to create a custom action in Security Hub. Please refer to the `Security Hub documentation <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/securityhub/latest/userguide/securityhub-cwe-custom-actions.html>`__ to achieve this.
```

Each type of event contains a `specific format <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/securityhub/latest/userguide/securityhub-cwe-event-formats.html>`_ from which the Wazuh integration takes every relevant ``detail`` field and value along with the ``detail-type`` value.

> More information on how to configure each type in the `AWS Security Hub related section <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/securityhub/latest/userguide/securityhub-cwe-integration-types.html>`_.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Find more information on how to configure each type in the `AWS Security Hub related section <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/securityhub/latest/userguide/securityhub-cwe-integration-types.html>`_.
```

Amazon Simple Queue Service
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> #. Set up a *Standard* type SQS Queue with the default configurations.  You can apply an Access Policy similar to the following example, where ``<region>``, ``<account-id>``, and ``<s3-bucket>`` are the region, account ID, and the name you are going to provide to the S3 bucket.

Reviewer 2: Why? What for?

Reviewer 2: This is related to https://github.com/wazuh/wazuh-documentation/pull/7111#discussion_r1535601550

.. Copyright (C) 2015, Wazuh, Inc.

.. meta::
   :description: Learn how to configure Amazon Security Hub findings and insights fetching.

AWS Security Hub
================

.. versionadded:: 4.9.0

`AWS Security Hub <https://aws.amazon.com/security-hub/>`_ is a cloud security posture management (CSPM) service that automates security best practice checks, aggregates security alerts into a determined format, and helps the user understand the overall security posture across all of the AWS accounts.

Security Hub helps users assess their compliance against security best practices as follows:

-  Runs checks against security controls.
-  Generates control `findings <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/securityhub/latest/userguide/securityhub-findings.html>`__.
-  Groups related findings into collections called `insights <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/securityhub/latest/userguide/securityhub-insights.html>`__.

Wazuh integrates with `Amazon SQS <https://aws.amazon.com/sqs>`_ and `EventBridge <https://aws.amazon.com/eventbridge>`_ to centralize Security Hub findings and insights in a single place. To set up the integration, you need to:

>    #. Configure AWS:

Reviewer 2: We can use three-spaces indentation here as follows:

```
#. Configure AWS:

   -  Enable Amazon Security Hub.
   -  Enable an Amazon SQS queue.
   -  Enable an Amazon S3 bucket with Event notifications since for every Security Hub object creation event, the bucket sends notifications to the queue.
#. Set up the Wazuh integration for Amazon Security Hub.
```

replacing the current 

```
   #. Configure AWS:

      - Enable Amazon Security Hub.
      - Enable an Amazon SQS queue
      - Enable an Amazon S3 bucket with Event notifications since for every Security Hub object creation event, the bucket sends notifications to the queue.
   #. Set up the Wazuh integration for Amazon Security Hub.
```

      - Enable Amazon Security Hub.
      - Enable an Amazon SQS queue
      - Enable an Amazon S3 bucket with Event notifications since for every Security Hub object creation event, the bucket sends notifications to the queue.
   #. Set up the Wazuh integration for Amazon Security Hub.

AWS configuration
-----------------

Enabling Security Hub
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

AWS Security Hub uses service-linked AWS Config rules to perform security checks for most controls. We advise to `configure AWS Config <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/securityhub/latest/userguide/securityhub-setup-prereqs.html#securityhub-prereq-config>`_ as a prerequisite.

You have two alternative ways to enable AWS Security Hub:

-  `AWS Organizations integration <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/securityhub/latest/userguide/securityhub-settingup.html#securityhub-orgs-setup-overview>`_: Recommended for multi-account and multi-region environments.

> -  `Manually <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/securityhub/latest/userguide/securityhub-settingup.html#securityhub-manual-setup-overview>`__: Recommended for standalone accounts, or if the integration with AWS Organizations is unnecessary.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
-  `Manually <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/securityhub/latest/userguide/securityhub-settingup.html#securityhub-manual-setup-overview>`__: Recommended for standalone accounts and when the integration with AWS Organizations is unnecessary.
```

   .. thumbnail:: /images/aws/security-hub-set-up.png
      :align: center
      :width: 70%

> You must attach the AWS managed policy called `AWSSecurityHubFullAccess <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/securityhub/latest/userguide/security-iam-awsmanpol.html#security-iam-awsmanpol-awssecurityhubfullaccess>`__ to the IAM identity to access the Security Hub console and API operations. You must also attach the policy called `AWSSecurityHubOrganizationsAccess <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/securityhub/latest/userguide/security-iam-awsmanpol.html#security-iam-awsmanpol-awssecurityhuborganizationsaccess>`__ to enable and manage the Security Hub through the Organizations integration.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You must attach the following AWS managed policies to the IAM identity.

-  `AWSSecurityHubFullAccess <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/securityhub/latest/userguide/security-iam-awsmanpol.html#security-iam-awsmanpol-awssecurityhubfullaccess>`__ to access the Security Hub console and API operations.
-  `AWSSecurityHubOrganizationsAccess <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/securityhub/latest/userguide/security-iam-awsmanpol.html#security-iam-awsmanpol-awssecurityhuborganizationsaccess>`__ to enable and manage the Security Hub through the Organizations integration.
```

.. thumbnail:: /images/aws/security-hub-policies.png
   :align: center
   :width: 70%

We recommend using `central configuration <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/securityhub/latest/userguide/central-configuration-intro.html>`__ to set up and manage Security Hub for the organization. Central configuration lets the administrator customize security coverage for the organization.

Types of Security Hub integration with EventBridge
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> Integrating Security Hub with EventBridge allows storing Security Hub events and insights in S3 buckets. For example, this is the case for the :ref:`Amazon WAF integration <amazon_waf>`.

Reviewer 2: How is the Amazon WAF integration the case?  Can we expand a little? I can see Kinesis Firehose and S3 are required to integrate Amazon WAF by following that link but don't see Security Hub nor EventBridge.

The three available types of events are:

> -  **Security Hub Findings - Imported**: Security Hub automatically sends this type of event to EventBridge. It includes all new findings and updates to existing findings. Each event contains a single finding.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
-  **Security Hub Findings - Imported**: Security Hub automatically sends events of this type to EventBridge. It includes all new findings as well as updates to existing findings. Each event contains a single finding.
```

> -  **Security Hub Findings - Custom Action**: Security Hub sends this type of event to EventBridge when custom actions are triggered. The events are associated with the findings of the custom actions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
-  **Security Hub Findings - Custom Action**: Security Hub sends events of this type to EventBridge when custom actions are triggered. The events are associated with the findings of the custom actions.
```

-  **Security Hub Insight Results**: This type of event is used to process the Security Hub Insights. You can use custom actions to send sets of insight results to EventBridge. Insight results are the resources that match an insight.

> .. note::

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

>    To send the last two types of events to EventBridge, you need to create a custom action in Security Hub. Please refer to the `Security Hub documentation <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/securityhub/latest/userguide/securityhub-cwe-custom-actions.html>`__ to achieve this.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To send the last two types of events to EventBridge, you need to create a custom action in Security Hub. Please refer to the `Security Hub documentation <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/securityhub/latest/userguide/securityhub-cwe-custom-actions.html>`__ to achieve this.
```

> Each type of event contains a `specific format <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/securityhub/latest/userguide/securityhub-cwe-event-formats.html>`_ from which the Wazuh integration takes every relevant ``detail`` field and value along with the ``detail-type`` value.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Each type of event contains a `specific EventBridge event format <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/securityhub/latest/userguide/securityhub-cwe-event-formats.html>`_ from which the Wazuh integration takes every relevant ``detail`` field and value along with the ``detail-type`` value.
```

         "Condition": {
           "StringEquals": {
             "aws:SourceAccount": "<account-id>"
           },
           "ArnLike": {
             "aws:SourceArn": "arn:aws:s3:*:*:<s3-bucket>"
           }
         }
       }
     ]
     }
  
   You can make your access policy to accept S3 notifications from different account IDs and to apply different conditions. More information in `Managing access in Amazon SQS <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSSimpleQueueService/latest/SQSDeveloperGuide/sqs-overview-of-managing-access.html>`_. 

Amazon S3 and Event Notifications
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

To configure an S3 bucket that reports creation events, do the following.

#. Configure an S3 bucket as defined in the :doc:`Configuring an S3 Bucket <../prerequisites/S3-bucket>` section. Provide the name you decided in the previous section.
#. Once created, go to **Event notifications** inside the **Properties** tab. Select **Create event notification**. 
#. In **Event Types**, select **All object create events**. This generates notifications for any type of event that results in the creation of an object in the bucket.

> #. In the **Destination** section, select the following options:

Reviewer 2: Maybe just

#. In the **Destination** section, select **SQS queue**.

and next step just

#. Select **Choose from your SQS queues**. Then, choose the queue you created previously.

   -  **SQS queue**
   -  **Choose from your SQS queues**
#. Choose the queue you created previously.

Wazuh Configuration
-------------------

.. warning::
      
   Every message sent to the queue is read and deleted. Make sure you only use the queue for bucket notifications.

> #. Edit the ``/var/ossec/etc/ossec.conf`` file. Add the SQS name and your `Configuration parameters`_ for the buckets service. Set this inside ``<subscriber type="security_hub">``. For example:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#. Edit the ``/var/ossec/etc/ossec.conf`` file. Add the SQS name and your `Configuration parameters`_ for the buckets service. Set them within the ``<subscriber type="security_hub">`` block. For example:
```

   .. code-block:: xml
      :emphasize-lines: 6,7

      <wodle name="aws-s3">
          <disabled>no</disabled>
          <interval>1h</interval>
          <run_on_start>yes</run_on_start>
          <subscriber type="security_hub">
              <sqs_name>sqs-queue</sqs_name>
              <aws_profile>default</aws_profile>
          </subscriber>
      </wodle>

>    Check the :doc:`AWS S3 module </user-manual/reference/ossec-conf/wodle-s3>` reference manual to learn more about the available settings.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   Check the :doc:`AWS S3 module </user-manual/reference/ossec-conf/wodle-s3>` reference to learn more about the available settings.
```

   .. note::
      

>       The amount of notifications present in the queue affects the execution time of the AWS S3 module. If the ``<interval>`` value for the waiting time between executions is too short, the :ref:`Interval overtaken <interval_overtaken_message>` warning is logged into the ``ossec.log`` file.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      The amount of notifications present in the queue affects the execution time of the AWS S3 module. If the ``<interval>`` value for the waiting time between executions is too short, Wazuh logs the :ref:`Interval overtaken <interval_overtaken_message>` warning into the ``ossec.log`` file.
```

.. Copyright (C) 2015, Wazuh, Inc.

.. meta::
   :description: Learn how to configure Amazon Security Hub findings and insights fetching.

AWS Security Hub
================

.. versionadded:: 4.9.0

`AWS Security Hub <https://aws.amazon.com/security-hub/>`_ is a cloud security posture management (CSPM) service that automates security best practice checks, aggregates security alerts into a determined format, and helps the user understand the overall security posture across all of the AWS accounts.

Security Hub helps users assess their compliance against security best practices as follows:

-  Runs checks against security controls.
-  Generates control `findings <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/securityhub/latest/userguide/securityhub-findings.html>`__.
-  Groups related findings into collections called `insights <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/securityhub/latest/userguide/securityhub-insights.html>`__.

Wazuh integrates with `Amazon SQS <https://aws.amazon.com/sqs>`_ and `EventBridge <https://aws.amazon.com/eventbridge>`_ to centralize Security Hub findings and insights in a single place. To set up the integration, you need to:

> #. Configure AWS:

Reviewer 2: Since they are ordered steps we better use an ordered list:

```
#. Configure AWS. This involves the following.

   #. Enabling Amazon Security Hub.
   #. Integrating Security Hub with EventBridge.
   #. Enabling an Amazon SQS queue.
   #. Enabling an Amazon S3 bucket including Event notifications. The bucket sends notifications to the queue for every Security Hub object creation event.
#. Set up the Wazuh integration for Amazon Security Hub.
```

   .. thumbnail:: /images/aws/security-hub-set-up.png
      :align: center
      :width: 70%

You must attach the following AWS managed policies to the IAM identity.

-  `AWSSecurityHubFullAccess <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/securityhub/latest/userguide/security-iam-awsmanpol.html#security-iam-awsmanpol-awssecurityhubfullaccess>`__ to access the Security Hub console and API operations.
-  `AWSSecurityHubOrganizationsAccess <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/securityhub/latest/userguide/security-iam-awsmanpol.html#security-iam-awsmanpol-awssecurityhuborganizationsaccess>`__ to enable and manage the Security Hub through the Organizations integration.

.. thumbnail:: /images/aws/security-hub-policies.png
   :align: center
   :width: 70%

We recommend using `central configuration <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/securityhub/latest/userguide/central-configuration-intro.html>`__ to set up and manage Security Hub for the organization. Central configuration lets the administrator customize security coverage for the organization.

> Types of Security Hub integration with EventBridge

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Integrating Security Hub with EventBridge
```

> ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
```

> Integrating Security Hub with EventBridge allows storing Security Hub events and insights in S3 buckets. The AWS documentation describes the necessary steps on how to create an event rule in EventBridge both for `automatically sent findings <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/securityhub/latest/userguide/securityhub-cwe-all-findings.html#securityhub-cwe-all-findings-predefined-pattern>`__ and for `custom actions to send findings and insight results <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/securityhub/latest/userguide/securityhub-cwe-custom-actions.html#securityhub-cwe-define-rule>`__. EventBridge needs a target triggered when an event is received that matches the event pattern defined in the rule. Therefore, as a required previous step, it is necessary to create a Firehose stream in Amazon Data Firehose. For example, this is the case for the :ref:`Amazon WAF integration <amazon_waf>`.

Reviewer 2: Integrating Security Hub with EventBridge allows storing Security Hub findings and insights in S3 buckets.

There are three types of events available as follows. Each type of event uses a specific `EventBridge event format <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/securityhub/latest/userguide/securityhub-cwe-event-formats.html>`__. The Wazuh integration takes from the events every relevant ``detail`` field and value along with the ``detail-type`` value.

-  **Security Hub Findings - Imported**: Security Hub automatically sends events of this type to EventBridge. It includes all new findings as well as updates to existing findings. Each event contains a single finding.
-  **Security Hub Findings - Custom Action**: Security Hub sends events of this type to EventBridge when custom actions are triggered. The events are associated with the findings of the custom actions.
-  **Security Hub Insight Results**: This type of event is used to process the Security Hub Insights. You can use custom actions to send sets of insight results to EventBridge. Insight results are the resources that match an insight.

To send the last two types of events to EventBridge, you need to create a `custom action in Security Hub <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/securityhub/latest/userguide/securityhub-cwe-custom-actions.html>`__. Please refer to the Security Hub documentation  to achieve this.

Find more information about each type of events in `Types of Security Hub integration with EventBridge <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/securityhub/latest/userguide/securityhub-cwe-integration-types.html>`__.

To integrate Security Hub with EventBridge, you need to create a Firehose stream in Amazon Data Firehose. EventBridge needs a target. It triggers the target when it receives an event matching the event pattern defined in a rule. Check the :ref:`Amazon WAF integration <amazon_waf>` for a configuration example.

In addition, you need to create an event rule in EventBridge. The AWS documentation provides steps on how to configure this.

-  `Creating an event rule for automatically sent findings <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/securityhub/latest/userguide/securityhub-cwe-all-findings.html#securityhub-cwe-all-findings-predefined-pattern>`__ 
-  `Defining a rule for using custom actions to send findings and insight results <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/securityhub/latest/userguide/securityhub-cwe-custom-actions.html#securityhub-cwe-define-rule>`__

> Integrating Security Hub with EventBridge allows storing Security Hub events and insights in S3 buckets. The AWS documentation describes the necessary steps on how to create an event rule in EventBridge both for `automatically sent findings <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/securityhub/latest/userguide/securityhub-cwe-all-findings.html#securityhub-cwe-all-findings-predefined-pattern>`__ and for `custom actions to send findings and insight results <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/securityhub/latest/userguide/securityhub-cwe-custom-actions.html#securityhub-cwe-define-rule>`__. EventBridge needs a target triggered when an event is received that matches the event pattern defined in the rule. Therefore, as a required previous step, it is necessary to create a Firehose stream in Amazon Data Firehose. For example, this is the case for the :ref:`Amazon WAF integration <amazon_waf>`.

Reviewer 2: `events and insights` or `findings and insights`?

Author: `findings and insights` for consistency with the official docs.

         "Condition": {
           "StringEquals": {
             "aws:SourceAccount": "<account-id>"
           },
           "ArnLike": {
             "aws:SourceArn": "arn:aws:s3:*:*:<s3-bucket>"
           }
         }
       }
     ]
     }
  
   You can make your access policy to accept S3 notifications from different account IDs and to apply different conditions. More information in `Managing access in Amazon SQS <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSSimpleQueueService/latest/SQSDeveloperGuide/sqs-overview-of-managing-access.html>`_. 

Amazon S3 and Event Notifications
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

To configure an S3 bucket that reports creation events, do the following.

#. Configure an S3 bucket as defined in the :doc:`Configuring an S3 Bucket <../prerequisites/S3-bucket>` section. Provide the name you decided in the previous section.
#. Once created, go to **Event notifications** inside the **Properties** tab. Select **Create event notification**. 
#. In **Event Types**, select **All object create events**. This generates notifications for any type of event that results in the creation of an object in the bucket.

> #. In the Destination section, select SQS queue.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#. In the **Destination** section, select **SQS queue**.
```

> #. Select Choose from your SQS queues. Then, choose the queue you created previously.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#. Select **Choose from your SQS queues**. Then, choose the queue you created previously.
```

> #. Choose the queue you created previously.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
